fix(docs): update GraphQL API reference links to new URL structure (#942)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-details/functions.mdx

## getRefinedProduct

> The `getRefinedProduct` function returns refined product data with specific options selected. This is used for configurable products where options have been chosen. The function calls the <Link href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/reference/graphql/saas/#refineproduct" text="refineProduct" /> query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `getRefinedProduct` function returns refined product data with specific options selected. This is used for configurable products where options have been chosen. The function calls the <Link href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/webapi/graphql/schema/catalog-service/queries/refine-product" text="refineProduct" /> query.
```
